[LUFFY]
Oh, man!
Feels like the ship
wants to tip over!
[NAMI]
Look at that light!
[ZORO]
Is that a lighthouse?
[NAMI] Yeah, it's one of
the guideposts.
So the entrance to the Grand
Line should be just ahead of it.
After everything
that's happened,
I can't believe we made it!
Okay. Before we go,
I think we oughta have
a quick launching ceremony!
Yeah!
I'm going to the Grand Line
to find the All Blue!
I'll become King of the Pirates!
To be the world's
best swordsman.
And I'm gonna draw a map
of the entire world.
Hey wait, let me
in on this, too!
Well, I guess my
goal is to become
a brave warrior of the sea!
[NARRATOR] This is a story
about the early days
of an ambitious young pirate
called Monkey D. Luffy.
Who, along with his
four courageous friends,
is setting sail for the
waters of the Grand Line.
Hoping to obtain the famous
and coveted treasure
known as One Piece!
[LUFFY chuckles]
[LUFFY]
A special episode to celebrate
the 20th anniversary
of the manga series.
"One Piece:
Episode of East Blue:
Luffy and His Four Friends'
Great Adventure!"
[NARRATOR]
This is a small seaport village.
For the past year or so,
a pirate ship has been
anchored at the port.
A soft wind from
the east blows gently
over this peaceful,
sleepy place.
[SHANKS] Luffy! Come on!
What are you doing up there?
I'm not kiddin' around,
do you hear me?
I'm really mad!
Watch, I'll prove it to ya!
[SHANKS laughs]
Yeah, go ahead, kid!
Not sure what you're
planning to do, though.
[RED HAIR PIRATES scream]
[LUFFY]
Ow!
[SHANKS] You idiot,
what'd you do that for?
All right, drink up!
[RED HAIR PIRATES cheer]
[RED HAIR PIRATE F]
Let's drink to Luffy's courage
and our great journey
on the sea!
Cheers!
Ha. Didn't hurt at all!
[SHANKS] That's a lie
if I've ever heard one.
I'm not lying!
And I'm not scared of
gettin' hurt again, either!
You gotta take me with you
on your next voyage!
I wanna be a pirate like you!
[laughs] Yeah, right, as if
you could ever be a pirate!
I don't think you're
gonna fare too well at sea
if you sink like an anchor!
I'll be okay as long as
I don't fall overboard!
And besides, I'm a really
good fighter, too!
I've got lots of training!
I mean, when I punch people,
it's like firin' a pistol!
A pistol? If you say so.
Are you makin' fun of me?
[RED HAIR PIRATE G]
Luffy!
Don't be in such
a sour mood, kiddo!
You're still young,
you should be having fun!
And being a pirate's
more fun than anything!
We get to travel
across the endless sea.
Discoverin' new
places all the time!
We're as free as can be!
I'd appreciate it
if you clowns didn't
teach him that kind of thing.
But you know it's true, right?
Come on, Boss,
we can take him on
one little voyage,
what's the harm?
[RED HAIR PIRATE J]
Yeah, he'll be okay!
[SHANKS] Fine, but one
of you gets left behind.
[LUCKY ROO] Yeah, forget that,
let's get back to drinkin'!
[LUFFY]
Weren't you guys on my side?
I'm just sayin',
you're much too young
to try and strike out to sea.
You can ask me
about it in ten years,
and maybe I'll reconsider.
Stupid Shanks!
I'm not that little!
Jeez. Calm down.
Drink some juice, kid.
Ha! Yay, thank you!
Real pirates don't
drink juice, big guy!
No, that's not fair,
you tricked me!
[LUFFY groans]
Whatever, I'm tired now!
[BECKMAN]
Luffy.
You have to try to understand
how the boss feels.
Mr. First Mate!
Think about it.
This guy is the captain
of a tough-as-nails pirate crew.
So he knows more than anybody
how dangerous this
kind of life can be.
My point is, he told you
not to come along with us
because he didn't want
to break your spirit.
You don't get it!
He's just makin' fun of me
'cause he thinks I'm a kid!
Hey, Anchor!
[LUFFY]
You see?
You're having fun as always.
Yeah. I get such a kick out of
giving this kid a hard time.
Luffy. Would you like to
order some food, too?
Put it on my treasure tab, 'kay?
The treasure tab again?
You know that does
qualify as stealing.
Nuh-uh!
Once I become a pirate and
find a bunch of treasure,
I'm gonna pay back
every last bit!
I know you will.
[LUFFY giggles]
--[LUFFY] Shanks!
--[SHANKS] Yeah. What?
[LUFFY] How much longer
are you gonna be here for?
I'm not too sure. I believe
the plan we decided on
was to go on a
couple more voyages
then head out towards the north
after we're done with that.
Only a couple more trips, huh?
Huh?
Okay, then I can practice my
swimming while you're here!
[SHANKS] That's a good idea.
Knock yourself out.
[HIGUMA]
Excuse us.
So these are what
pass for pirates here?
Looks awfully sad to me.
You see, we're mountain bandits.
But we didn't come here
to tear your place apart.
We'll just take some booze.
I'm so sorry, sir,
but we're actually
fresh out of alcohol
for the moment.
[HIGUMA] Hm? Those pirates
seem to be drinking, though.
'Zat water?
[MAKINO] No, that was the last
bit of what I had stocked up.
Well, this is a
problem, isn't it?
It looks like my friends
and I drank the place dry
before you gentlemen
came in. Sorry.
You can have this
one if you like.
It hasn't even been opened yet.
[MAKINO gasps]
[HIGUMA]
How dare you.
Can you not see who
you're talking to?
You know damn well that won't
even be enough for a nightcap.
Aww. Now the floor's
all wet and sticky.
Look at this, pal.
I've got a bounty of eight
million berries on my head.
I've killed 56 people,
and all of 'em were
mouthy fools like you.
If I were you,
I'd watch my back.
But since we're in the mountains
and you're on the sea,
maybe we won't meet again.
Huh?
Sorry about this mess, Makino.
Have you got a rag?
Oh, no, don't worry,
I can take care of it.
Since you like to
clean so much,
I think you might find this mess
more fulfilling. [chuckles]
[BANDITS chuckle]
[HIGUMA chuckles]
[BANDITS chuckling]
Guess I'll see you weaklings
another day. [laughs]
Are you all right,
Captain Shanks?
[SHANKS]
Never been better, Makino.
[chuckles]
[PIRATES laugh]
That fella really got you good!
Talk about a loser!
[laughing]
[LUFFY]
Why are you laughing?
[MAKINO, SHANKS]
Huh?
You should've
stood up to him, Shanks!
That wasn't cool at all!
If you can laugh over
something like that,
then you're not a man,
or a real pirate!
Look, Luffy, I know
how you feel, kid.
But all the guy did was
spill a little booze on me.
It's not worth getting
so upset about.
[LUFFY growls]
[SHANKS]
Hey, wait a second.
Leave me alone.
You're just a coward!
[SHANKS]
Hm?
Why's he stretchy?
Oh no, don't tell me!
What the heck?
It's gone!
[RED HAIR PIRATES]
No way!
Yeah, the Gum Gum
Fruit we looted,
it was right in here!
Luffy, tell the truth.
Did you just eat
something like this?
[LUFFY] Uh, yeah.
It tasted gross though.
[SHANKS]
What have you done?
The Gum Gum Fruit is one of
the legendary Devil Fruits!
It makes your body
turn into rubber.
This means that you've
lost the ability to swim
for the rest of your life!
Huh?! That can't be!
You idiot!
Hey, fish guy!
Can I have a fishy?
Luffy, it's you!
I heard you missed out on
another big adventure
with the pirates.
That's okay!
My body's made outta rubber now.
This is more fun than goin'
on a voyage anyway! See?
[LUFFY chuckles]
The crew's been out at
sea for a long time,
isn't that right, Luffy?
I bet you miss them.
No way. I'm still upset
with those guys.
I thought Shanks and his
crew were cool pirates,
but it turns out they're
all totally wimpy!
I don't know.
I think being able to laugh
after somebody humiliates you
like those bandits
did is cool, too.
You don't understand, Makino.
Sometimes a man's gotta
stand up and fight!
You're right, maybe I
don't get it, huh?
[HIGUMA]
We're back for more.
[BOTH]
Huh?
Looks like those damn
pirates aren't here today.
We were in the neighborhood,
so we thought we'd
stop in for a drink.
[BANDITS chuckling]
[gasps]
What's the holdup, honey?
Bring the booze!
[MAKINO]
Mayor, please help!
What's the matter, Makino?
It's Luffy! He's in big trouble!
[BANDITS chuckling]
[LUFFY]
Let go of me...!
[HIGUMA]
Well, this is interesting!
You're gonna pay for that!
This kid is a freak
of nature. [laughs]
[BANDITS laughing]
Say you're sorry
for last time, right now!
Wonder how much money we
could get if we sold him off?
[yells]
Again, huh? Fine!
[LUFFY groans]
I don't think I said anything
to offend you personally.
You think wrong! Now apologize!
Get your foot off me!
Let the boy go, I beg you!
[HIGUMA]
Huh?
He's a child!
I don't intend to fight you,
and I'll even pay
you to stop this.
Just let him live!
That's all I ask!
Ah, a senior citizen.
Leave it to you
to be reasonable.
[HIGUMA]
But you're outta luck.
[gasps]
The brat's already
made me angry,
so not even your pitiful
prayers can save him now.
Please, no!
That rubber face of yours was
real entertaining for a sec,
but now all I want
to do is bash it in.
You guys don't fight fair!
You're scum! Lemme go!
Forget selling him.
Let's just kill him!
--[MAKINO] Luffy!
--Have mercy on him, sir!
[BANDITS chuckling]
[SHANKS] Nobody was
at the port to greet us.
[gasps]
I figured something
must be wrong.
[MAKINO, MAYOR gasp]
The mountain bandits again?
Captain, you're here!
Hey, Luffy.
Didn't you say before
that your punches
were as deadly as getting
shot with a pistol?
Shut up, okay?
You're still in town?
Shove off, already.
[MAKINO gasps]
[HIGUMA] You'd best leave
before you get hurt.
Take one step closer and
my friend here's gonna
blow your head clean off.
Didn't you hear
what the man said?
Do you feel like
dyin' today, buddy?
[MAYOR gasps]
[BANDITS laughing]
Well, now that you've
drawn your pistol,
do you plan to actually use it?
What? I'm holdin' it, ain't I?
What I'm trying to
tell you is that guns
aren't for making threats,
they're made for actions.
Huh?
[BANDITS gasp]
No way, I don't believe it!
Yeah, these bastards
fight dirty!
A little.
Oh, were you expectin' saints?
Who the hell do you think
you're dealin' with here?
In case it wasn't obvious,
you fellas have picked a fight
with a crew of pirates.
Shut your trap!
This ain't about you,
so take your crew and go!
[SHANKS]
Listen up, bandits.
If I'm sprayed with alcohol
or doused with food,
hell, even if I'm spit on,
most of the time I'll
laugh it off and forget it.
But... regardless of what
your reasoning may be,
if you hurt a friend of mine,
you can believe you're
gonna pay for it.
Is he for real?
[laughs] Oh, we are, are we?
Go on, fellas! Show these
wimps a thing or two!
[BANDITS yelling]
[BECKMAN] I'll handle this.
Should be easy.
[yells]
[BANDITS yell]
[BECKMAN grunts]
[BANDITS screaming]
Don't get too cocky.
Stay focused.
If you wanted to fight us,
you should've brought a
warship or something bigger.
This is so cool.
Amazing.
[gasps] No, hold on!
The kid was the one who
attacked us first, all right?
Either way, you're still
a wanted man, aren't ya?
[HIGUMA gasps]
[LUCKY ROO]
A smokescreen!
--[LUFFY] Let me go already!
--[HIGUMA] Come with me!
[SHANKS]
Luffy!
Oh, crap, I let
the bandit take him!
What are we gonna do?
Calm down, Boss, there's no
use freakin' out over it!
We'll find him in
no time, I swear!
Oh boy. Can't believe this guy.
[HIGUMA laughs]
Guess I made a clean getaway!
Sorry, got no need
for you anymore.
[LUFFY grunts]
Ha! See ya, runt!
[LUFFY yelps]
Dammit! I suck!
These guys are
worthless bandits,
but I still couldn't
get one hit in!
I hate this! It's not fair!
[HIGUMA laughing] Guys, did you
see the looks on their faces?
All pirates are nothing but
cowards and weaklings.
[LUFFY]
Shut up!
Don't make fun of
them like that!
[MAKINO]
Luffy, no!
[HIGUMA]
Huh?
[LUFFY] Take back what you said
about Shanks and his crew!
[HIGUMA laughing]
Ha. Stupid brat.
[gasps] What the hell?
[screams]
Help me!
[LUFFY]
Here it comes!
Oh no!
[LUFFY screams]
Shanks, you found me!
[SHANKS]
Get lost.
I'm in your debt, Luffy.
Makino told me about
how you stood up for us,
how you were willing to fight
and put yourself on the line.
Hold on, you can't cry.
You're a man now.
I know, but this is bad!
You lost your arm!
Oh, no need to worry about that.
I've got another one.
I'm just glad you're safe.
[LUFFY screams]
[NARRATOR] Luffy learned many
important things that day:
the harshness of the sea,
his own powerlessness,
and most importantly,
the greatness of
the man called Shanks.
That's when young Luffy
resolved with all his heart
he would become like him.
[LUFFY]
Shanks.
Are you really about to
leave the village for good?
Uh-huh. Yep, it's time
for us to part ways.
I bet you'll miss me, wontcha?
Yeah.
But I'm not gonna
beg to come with you,
'cause I'm gonna become
a pirate all on my own!
That's good, because I wouldn't
bring you with me anyways.
I mean you'll never
make it as a pirate, kiddo!
Will, too! Just wait and see!
I'll round up a crew that's
every bit as good as yours,
and we'll find the world's
greatest treasure.
And I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Oh? Planning to
outdo me, are ya?
Okay.
If that's the case,
I'll leave this here.
[SHANKS] It means
more to me than anything.
[SHANKS]
Give it back someday.
After you become a great pirate.
Okay.
He really does have potential.
I know.
He reminds me of myself
back when I was a kid.
[SHANKS]
Set sail!
[NARRATOR]
One decade later,
Luffy's own pirate adventure
began at the very same port.
I can't believe Luffy's
finally leaving.
Becoming a pirate is a great
dishonor to our village.
[LUFFY sighs] Couldn't ask
for a better day for this!
[LUFFY laughs]
[LUFFY gasps]
Hey, it's this big guy again.
You shouldn't've done that.
'Cause I've been trainin'
a lot over the past ten years.
[roars]
Gum-Gum...
[LUFFY]
...Pistol!
[chuckles] That oughta
teach ya, ya stupid fish!
It's time to get goin'!
I'm setting out to become
King of the Pirates!
[ZORO]
Heh.
[ZORO] To be the
world's best swordsman.
[ZORO]
Hey, you.
--[LUFFY] Huh?
--[COBY squeals]
Y'think you could untie
these ropes for me?
I'll pay you back.
I'm a man of my word.
[RIKA]
Shh.
[gasps]
[ZORO] You got a
death wish, little girl?
I figured you were
probably getting hungry, sir.
So I made a couple of
rice balls for you.
This is the first time
I've made them,
but I tried to do a good job!
[ZORO] Look, I ain't hungry.
Now get outta here!
But I...
I said beat it!
Don't make me kill ya!
[door opens]
[HELMEPPO laughs]
Oh. The little lady here brought
some tasty rice balls!
Hey, stop that!
Ugh, these're too sweet,
you're supposed to
use salt, not sugar!
Sorry.
I thought they'd taste
better if they were swee--
[HELMEPPO grunts]
I can't eat this! Foolish girl!
Please don't!
That's a waste of food!
[HELMEPPO chuckles] Don't worry.
The ants are sure to like them.
How could you?
That's mean! I worked
so hard to make those.
[HELMEPPO laughs]
I can do whatever I want!
Because my daddy is a
big bad Navy Captain!
I am great and strong!
[ZORO]
You're still here?
What do you want with me?
My name's Luffy.
I run a pirate crew
and I'm looking for
people who wanna join.
A pirate, really?
You're not about to say
"promise you'll join me
and I'll untie you"
or something like that, are you?
Nah, I wasn't gonna
go that far just yet.
Well, either way,
you'll have to find someone
else to play pirate with you.
Because I've already
got other plans.
Okay.
[ZORO]
Hey! Wait!
[LUFFY]
Huh?
Could you bring that
food over to me?
[LUFFY]
You want this?
'Cause it's really more of a
mud ball than a rice ball now.
[ZORO]
Shut up and give it here!
I'm gonna eat every last
bite of it, do you hear me?
[ZORO sighs, coughs]
Told you. What, do you
wanna die or somethin'?
Pirate.
Can you give a message to
that little girl, please?
Sure, what is it?
Tell her thank you, and that
it tasted delicious, okay?
[LUFFY]
Hm?
[laughs]
[ZORO] I can't afford to
die in a place like this.
There's something I gotta
take care of first!
[ZORO groans]
Winner: Kuina!
See that? You're still
as weak as ever.
Sad for a boy.
[ZORO] Damn! Why can't I ever
defeat that stupid girl?
Someday I'm gonna
set out to the sea,
and I'll become the
greatest swordsman ever!
I may be young, but I can't let
myself be beaten by a girl!
[ZORO] Kuina. I want to
fight with a real sword.
Okay.
I win again!
What's wrong with me?
I don't understand!
To tell the truth,
I'm the one who
should be crying.
--[ZORO] Huh?
--When girls grow up,
they're usually not as
physically strong as men are.
You're lucky, Zoro.
I want to become the world's
greatest swordsman, too.
If only I had been
born a boy like you.
You don't get to whine like that
after how many times
you've beaten me!
It's not fair when
you know my goal is
to become as good as you are!
Zoro.
Promise me this!
Whether me or you, someday,
one of us will be the world's
greatest swordsman!
We'll just compete to see
who gets there first!
Don't be stupid.
You're way too weak for that.
[ZORO growls]
[ZORO, KUINA]
It's a promise!
[explosion]
--Huh?
--Zoro, sir!
[ZORO]
Hey!
Kid, if you help me escape,
then they're gonna execute you!
I just can't watch
the Marines do this!
Run away, now!
--[COBY yelps]
--[ZORO gasps]
Oh, god, they really shot me!
[MORGAN] This is an interesting
stunt you've pulled.
Am I to assume that you were
planning some sort
of coup d'tat?
[MORGAN]
Take aim!
[ZORO] No. If I die here,
I'll never fulfill my promise!
I have to live!
[KOUSHIROU]
Zoro, I have terrible news!
It's Kuina.
She fell down the steps at home.
She's dead.
[ZORO]
Dammit!
We made an important promise
to each other just yesterday!
You can't let me down
like this! [screams]
Sensei. Please let me take
Kuina's sword with me.
I swear. I'll be the best
swordsman in the entire world.
And then my name'll reach
all the way to the heavens!
I'm gonna get stronger for
myself, and for Kuina, too!
[ZORO]
I made a promise.
That's why I can't
let myself die here!
[MORGAN]
Open fire, men!
What the hell?
[LUFFY yells]
[MARINES groan]
[LUFFY laughs]
You're crazy,
who are you, anyway?
Who, me? The future
King of the Pirates.
Here. I didn't know which
of these swords was yours,
so I just brought
all three of 'em.
Those're all mine, actually.
I use Three-Sword Style.
If you fight on my side now,
you'll officially be a
traitor to the government.
You sure you'd rather
do that than die?
Heh. What, so you're
the most evil man alive?
Whatever.
If my only two choices are
joining your crew or dying,
sign me up!
Kill him, you fools!
If you disobey my orders,
I'll execute you as well!
[MARINES yelling]
Whoa! That was so cool!
I'd advise you to stay still.
One move and you're dead men.
[MARINES gasp]
[ZORO]
I'll be a pirate with you.
I promise you that,
but I'm telling you now.
I have a goal of my own.
Hm?
I plan to be the best
swordsman there is.
At this point, even if
it's for criminal deeds,
I still want the entire
world to know my name!
You asked me to do this,
so if joining your crew
costs me my dream,
you'd better accept
responsibility for it!
You'll be the greatest
swordsman ever, huh?
Good, the King of the Pirates
expects nothing less
than the best of a
member of his crew!
Heh. You talk big.
[MORGAN]
Still standing around?
Slaughter those
two rats at once!
Watch out, Zoro!
Now Gum-Gum... Whip!
[MARINES groan]
What the hell are you?
[HELMEPPO]
Yoohoo!
Huh?
If you value this boy's life,
you'll surrender!
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum...
Are you listening?
You're disrespecting a Captain!
...Pistol!
Aw yeah! Nice one!
[MORGAN groans]
[ZORO]
Well, Captain. That was fun.
[LUFFY]
Bye!
[NARRATOR]
After escaping his death,
Zoro accompanied Luffy on
an adventure and witnessed
an unbelievable scene at
the sea restaurant Baratie.
[BARATIE PIRATES screaming]
[NARRATOR] They were greeted
by the man known far and wide
as the world's
strongest swordsman.
"Hawk-Eye Mihawk."
No way. It can't be.
[ZORO]
Is that really him?
[BARATIE PIRATE B] Dammit,
what kind of awful grudge
must you have to
attack us like this?
Just killing time.
[BARATIE PIRATE C yells]
What? How'd he miss?
[ZORO]
Mihawk is skilled.
He used the point of his blade
to redirect the bullets.
I've never seen
such swift movement.
There's much more to
swordplay than simply force.
[ZORO] Did you use that sword
to slice up the ship?
[MIHAWK]
Indeed.
No doubt, then.
You're the strongest.
I went out to sea
so I could meet you.
[MIHAWK]
What's your goal?
To surpass you.
You've got time, right?
Let's have a duel.
[MIHAWK]
You're so weak. It's pitiful.
If you were a decent swordsman,
you'd be able to see the
disparity in our abilities
before we even drew our weapons.
It's either extreme courage
or extreme ignorance
that inspires you to fight me.
Which of those
would you say it is?
Neither, it's extreme ambition.
And because I made a
promise to a good friend!
Wait, are you seriously
gonna use that?
I'm not the kind of beast
who uses all of his might
when he's hunting down a rabbit.
Unfortunately,
this is the smallest blade
I have on me right now.
I'm gonna make you
regret those words!
[MIHAWK]
You're like a frog in a well
who can't see how
vast the world is.
[ZORO]
Oni... Giri!
I can't move!
How is that possible?
No one's ever seen
through this technique!
No. This can't be happening!
I know he's good,
but there's no way that he's
that much better than I am!
[yells]
[ZORO] I can't be this far
from becoming the best!
[ZORO]
I refuse to believe that!
This is too much of a gap!
[ZORO grunts]
[ZORO] I didn't devote my entire
life to studying swordsmanship
just to be outdone by a stupid
little toy knife like that!
You're certainly ferocious,
I'll give you that.
[ZORO]
I have to win this fight.
Whether me or you, someday,
one of us'll be the world's
greatest swordsman!
[ZORO] All that matters
right now is defeating him!
And then my name'll reach
all the way to the heavens!
I'm gonna get stronger for
myself, and for Kuina, too!
What is your burden?
For what do you
wish to gain power?
Tell me, weak one.
[ZORO gasps]
[ZORO]
Tiger...
You'll be the greatest
swordsman ever, huh?
Good, the King of the Pirates
expects nothing less
than the best for
a member of his crew!
[ZORO]
...Trap!
[MIHAWK] You're going to
let me pierce your heart?
Why not withdraw?
[ZORO] I don't know why.
But if I pull back even a step,
I feel like all the important
pledges and promises
I've made in life
will be shattered.
And if I allow that to happen,
then I'll never be able to find
my way back to where I am now.
Of course. That's
what defeat means.
You're right. All the more
reason I can't quit then.
What if you die?
It's better than giving up.
[MIHAWK]
Choosing death over defeat.
He's quite strong of heart.
[MIHAWK]
Young man. Tell me your name.
[ZORO]
Roronoa Zoro!
I'll remember it.
It's rare to see
resolve such as yours.
Therefore, out of
swordsman's honor,
I'll exchange my knife for the
world's deadliest Black Blade.
[ZORO]
So, this'll be the last hit.
This fight can
only end two ways.
I become best in
the world, or I die.
Farewell!
[ZORO]
Three-Sword Style Secret Move!
Three Thousand Worlds!
[ZORO]
He got me. I lost.
Somehow, I never
imagined that I would.
[ZORO]
I see.
This is the power of the
best swordsman there is.
What are you--?
I can't have scars on my back,
that would be a mark of shame.
How noble.
[MIHAWK]
Don't live too fast.
Let this be a lesson.
Zoro, no!
[YOSAKU, JOHNNY]
Big Bro!
Take note.
I am Dracule Mihawk, and it's
far too early for you to die.
Learn about yourself
and the world around you.
Increase your strength, Roronoa!
No matter how many
years it takes,
I'll wait for you to come
take this title from me!
Defeat my sword in battle
with the raging mettle
of your spirit!
Become better than me!
You have to!
[LUFFY]
Zoro?
[ZORO]
Luffy!
I guess I worried you there.
But hey, you'll accept
nothing less than
the best swordsman
there is, right?
So I won't let you down. I...
[ZORO]
I give my word!
I won't let myself
be beaten again!
Until the day I can dethrone
Hawk-Eye as number one.
Mark my words.
I'll never be defeated!
Is that all right,
King of the Pirates?
[laughs] Yup!
Hey wait, let me
in on this, too!
My goal is to be a
brave warrior of the sea!
[USOPP]
Help! Sound the alarm!
They're here!
Pirates are in town and
they're gonna kill us all!
Pirates are attacking
our village!
Everybody get out of here now,
before it's too late!
There are pirates here?
Oh, looks like it's
time to start work.
That guy's so persistent.
That's a lie! [laughs]
I just fooled all of you!
[groans]
[TOWNSMEN yelling]
[TOWNSMAN C]
You little liar!
[TOWNSMAN D]
Get back here!
[USOPP]
Oops, here they come!
[laughs] Catch me if you can!
[TOWNSMAN E]
Dammit! Where did he go?
[USOPP] All right,
another job well done!
Somebody's gotta bring
a little excitement
into this sleepy
village, after all!
Now then, time to go
pay my friend a visit!
Um, Klahadore?
[KLAHADORE]
What's on your mind, Miss Kaya?
[KAYA]
I want to see Usopp again.
Him? No. That man is
the most dreadful teller of
tall tales in the village!
Killjoy.
Say what you will.
I'm not letting you see him!
[gasps]
Hey!
Usopp, you're here!
[USOPP]
You seem pretty down today.
I guess I am.
I want to ask you inside
like a real guest,
but Klahadore would refuse.
[USOPP] Aw, don't sweat it,
this is better for me, anyway.
I like it outside.
'Cause I'm a brave
warrior of the sea!
[KAYA giggles]
That does make sense.
What story are you
going to tell me today?
I dunno, I was thinking
it might be fun
to tell you about the time
I had to fight a giant
goldfish at the South Pole!
The craziest part was
how enormous its poop was!
When I fell and landed on it,
I thought I was on solid ground!
[KAYA laughing]
He's doing it again.
[NINJIN]
The captain's so nice.
He comes over every day
to make her laugh
to these special
made-up stories.
[USOPP chuckling]
[TAMANEGI]
Captain! Captain!
I found out something bad!
Pirates! They're getting
ready to attack us!
Huh? No kidding.
[TAMANEGI]
It's true!
There're three of 'em,
what are we gonna do?
Only three, huh?
[TAMANEGI]
Yes!
Sweet! Then let's save
the day, Usopp Pirates!
[USOPP]
Let's see.
Is that them?
[PIIMAN]
They don't seem very scary.
[TAMANEGI] But look, they've
got a skull on their flag!
He sees us!
[KIDS scream]
Don't leave me!
[LUFFY]
Hm?
[gasps] Uh-oh!
I'm Captain Usopp,
leader of the fearsome pirates
who reign over this village.
You'd best watch your back!
And don't even think
about attacking us!
I'm the commander of
an army of 8,000 men,
and all of them are killers!
That's a lie.
[USOPP]
How'd she know?
[LUFFY laughs]
Man, this guy's funny!
[LUFFY laughing]
[USOPP] You're looking for
crewmates and a ship, huh?
That sounds like
a big adventure!
Yup, that's right.
Kaya's the only one around here
who can wrangle a ship for you.
Kaya?
Yeah. She's a sickly girl
who has to stay in her bed.
Her parents both died
from an illness.
After that, she inherited
a whole lotta money
and a giant mansion, too.
But no matter how much
she has, she's still unhappy.
Hey, you listening to me?
Enough.
We can get a ship another place.
[LUFFY]
Yeah.
[ZORO] Well, now that we're
done eating, let's go.
[chuckles] Wait, one more thing.
You said you're looking
for crewmates, right?
Yeah. You know somebody?
Myself!
I'd be happy to join up
as your captain!
[ALL]
No thanks.
[USOPP]
Hey, that was quick!
--[LUFFY] Yo!
--[USOPP screams]
Where did you come from?
You could just say hi!
I've been doin' some thinkin'.
Your old man's name
is Yasopp, right?
Huh?
I actually met that guy
when I was a little kid.
Are you serious?
You met my dad?
Uh-huh.
Do you know where he is now?
Sorry, no idea.
But I do know that he's
one of the crew members
on my favorite pirate ship
in the whole world!
[LUFFY]
So cool!
That's nothin'.
I can shoot an ant
right between the eyes!
You know somethin',
little fella?
I got a kid who's
about your age.
Yeah, you've told me
that lots of times.
What's wrong with that?
It hurt to say goodbye,
but there was no other option.
What was I to do?
The pirate flag was
calling me and I had to answer!
[RED HAIR PIRATES cheer]
Yasopp was a really
awesome pirate.
Y'think so?
That's good to hear!
I'm so proud!
I can't believe what
a brave man my dad was.
I mean, he hopped onto a pirate
vessel on the endless sea,
putting his life on the line
for the sake of adventure!
One of these days,
when the time is right,
I'll set sail myself!
My dream is to be a brave
warrior of the sea!
Huh? Wait a sec.
I'm pretty sure
that's Kaya's butler.
But what's he doing here?
Huh?
I take it the preparations for
our scheme are complete now.
[JANGO]
Yeah, ready when you are,
for the Rich Girl
Assassination Plan!
[USOPP gasps]
Couldn't you call it
something else, Jango?
[JANGO] Sorry, Captain Kuro,
I'll be more careful.
And don't call me by name!
Are you certain you
understand the plan?
We can't simply kill
the girl, you know.
Crystal clear!
We have to convince her
to write out a will first,
which will be done--
using hypnosis!
That's right!
All we need it to say is
"I'm going to leave my
entire fortune to Klahadore."
Genius! [chuckles]
Don't forget to give
me my share, too.
The heck are they talkin' about?
Whatever it is, it's not good!
And I'm pretty sure that I know
the name Captain Kuro.
He's a pirate who's famous
for his calculated crimes,
but I could've sworn that guy
was executed three years ago!
How can this be happening?
They're gonna kill Kaya
and attack the town!
Oh no, this is bad!
Whoa, hold up!
[USOPP]
I gotta tell everybody!
If I don't get help fast,
then who knows
how much trouble those
guys will cause!
Come on, stupid legs,
run faster!
Those awful thugs are about to
ransack the village
I grew up in!
And they're on their way
to kill Kaya first!
I love my village
and everyone in it.
I have to stop this somehow!
[USOPP]
Listen to me, it's important!
Pirates are coming to
attack the village!
They'll be here to kill
us all tomorrow morning,
so we have to run away, now!
Hurry, let's go!
That's twice in one day!
If it wasn't him,
maybe I'd believe there were
actually pirates coming.
Everybody needs to get out
of town before it's too late.
I promise, I'm not lying!
Trust me.
Run away--!
Stop it, Usopp!
Please! It's true!
But I'm telling you,
there are pirates on the way!
[TOWNSMAN F]
You're always saying that crap!
I know I'm usually
joking around,
but this time it's for real!
If we believed you every
time you pulled this,
then we'd have fled the village
hundreds of times over by now!
Please believe me!
I heard them.
They're gonna kill us all
unless we get out of here now!
It's too bad you're not as
trustworthy as Klahadore,
perhaps then we'd
take you more seriously!
Aw, come on.
I swear it's true!
Dammit!
[KLAHADORE] We'll execute
the plan tomorrow at dawn.
Destroy that village
to your hearts' content.
[KURO PIRATES]
Yeah!
[USOPP]
I'm famous for lying.
Nothing I could say
was good enough.
[NAMI]
But it is the truth, right?
[USOPP] Yeah, but they
didn't want to believe it
coming from me.
Which is why...!
[ALL gasp]
I'm gonna stop the pirates
here at this beach.
That way it'll still be a lie!
I think that's the
most logical thing
for a liar like me
to do, isn't it?
I love this village so much.
I can't let my friends die.
You're a big softie, aren't you?
Don't worry. We'll
take care of this for ya!
I call dibs on the
pirates' treasure, though!
What? But why would you help me?
'Cause you're too scared
to do it by yourself.
Hey, no I'm not!
Nothing scares me!
You're looking at a brave
warrior of the sea here!
Yeah!
[USOPP]
Dammit!
If you're just gonna stand
there and make fun of me,
I'd rather you leave!
Nobody's laughing at you.
We're helping because we
think you're a good guy.
We wouldn't risk our
lives over a joke!
You mean it?
[USOPP]
So, what are you all good at?
--Swords.
--Stretchin'.
--Stealing.
--And I hide.
[NAMI, LUFFY, ZORO]
You're gonna fight with us!
[ZORO]
Hm? It's daybreak.
[JANGO] All right, men!
Head for the shore!
[KURO PIRATES]
Yeah!
[LUFFY]
Don't see 'em.
[KURO PIRATES yelling]
Wait! The northern shoreline!
[USOPP] I can't let them get
into the village! I won't!
[NAMI]
My money!
[ZORO]
Forget that!
[KURO PIRATES yelling]
[KURO PIRATES groan]
--Huh?
--An attack?
There's somebody
on top of the hill!
Listen up. I am
the great Captain Usopp!
And I suggest you turn around,
because I'm totally prepared
to beat all of you up!
What's wrong with this guy?
Choose wisely.
Make your retreat
while you still can.
Otherwise, you'll be
forced to do battle
with all hundred million of the
ferocious fighters on my crew!
What? That's a lot!
He's obviously bluffing!
[USOPP]
Oopsie!
[JANGO] The nerve!
How dare you try to trick me!
[KURO PIRATE F]
You're not gonna believe this!
[JANGO]
Hm?
These boats have
a ton of money in 'em!
Must be five million
berries here!
What?
Why in the heck are those people
carrying around so much money?
[gasps] That treasure
belongs to me!
But I'll let you guys have it!
Wait, you'd really
just hand it over?
That's right!
However, if you want it,
I have just one condition!
You have to turn back right now!
What?
You fool.
We're going to take
the treasure regardless,
so there's no incentive
for us to turn back.
You do have a point.
Enough chit-chat!
We're wasting daylight,
crew! Charge!
[gasps] Um. Special--!
Get outta my way!
[KURO PIRATE H]
Ha. Did you really think
you had a chance
against all of us?
Huh? Hey, what's
your problem now?
I'll never let you get
anywhere near my village.
Huh?
[USOPP] Because I told them
a lie, just like I always do.
Today's another
ordinary day in town,
with no pirates in sight!
[KURO PIRATE H]
Let go of me, freak!
[USOPP groans]
Loser. [gasps]
I'll stop you.
This isn't over yet!
[KURO PIRATE H]
Shut up!
I won't let you hurt them!
[KURO PIRATE D]
He stupid?
Ha. He's dead, is what he is.
[USOPP panting]
Tch. Forget him!
Head for the village!
If we ruin Captain Kuro's plan,
then he's going to kill
every last one of us for sure!
[KURO PIRATES yelling]
[USOPP]
Damn it! Please don't go!
I beg you!
Leave my village alone!
[KURO PIRATES groan]
[gasps]
You three.
Are you all really that strong?
[LUFFY]
Mm-hm.
[groans] Idiots!
How could you have been
done in by a bunch of brats?
I thought I made it
perfectly clear
we don't have the time
to play around!
Oh crap. Now we're
really in trouble.
[KLAHADORE]
What is the meaning of this?
[BOTH gasp]
[growls]
[ZORO] I didn't even
sense his presence.
I'm appalled.
To think you let them
hold you back.
I'll make quick work
of these four,
then I'll eviscerate
you lot as well.
And I will do it with
my own two hands!
[KURO PIRATES gasp]
With the Cat Claws?
He's angry!
Klahadore!
[gasps]
Kaya.
You lied to me.
I can't believe you're a pirate!
For the past three years,
while I posed as your butler,
the two of us have shared
many memorable experiences.
Through all the laughter,
all the suffering, the pain.
I completely devoted
myself to you.
Do you see it now?
The reason I did those things...
...was so that today...
I could kill you, Kaya!
Damn you!
[NAMI gasps]
You'll never know my pain.
Being a ruthless pirate
and having to answer
to a snot-nosed girl like you.
But I went against my nature
and served you with a smile,
day in and day out.
Do you have any idea what
an insult that was to me?
Kuro!
Actually, I think
I'll go ahead and
silence the town fibber first!
Huh? His arm.
--[KIDS] Now!
--[USOPP gasps]
[ALL] This is a job
for the Usopp Pirates!
Why are you guys here?
Hey, stop it, already!
Whatever. We'll let
you off easy then.
You kids need to run far away
before you get hurt! [gasps]
Don't be such a stick
in the mud, Captain!
We're gonna help you
beat this guy!
[ALL gasp]
Get outta here, you idiots!
--[KLAHADORE] Jango!
--[JANGO] Huh?
I'll handle these fools myself.
You focus your
attention on Kaya.
Kill her!
Say no more.
Dammit. I can't get up!
Hey, Usopp Pirates!
[ALL]
Uh, yes, sir?
Don't let him hurt her!
[gasps] Wait,
but what about you?
[USOPP]
You heard me, crew.
Take Kaya somewhere safe!
This is the most important
mission you've ever had!
So you're not allowed
to back down from it!
[ALL]
Okay!
[ZORO]
That was pretty smart.
He made 'em feel cool
for runnin' away.
It's no use.
[ZORO]
Sorry.
But you're stayin' right here.
Zoro!
Go get them, Jango!
[JANGO]
Right!
Not today!
I said go!
Fine! I'm going!
Dammit!
Might as well give up.
We both know that Kaya's too
physically weak to escape.
You watched that poor girl
struggle for three years
and you don't even have
a shred of pity for her?
That's right.
No, I refuse to let
you do this. [groans]
--[NAMI gasps]
--Usopp!
[USOPP] Dammit. Why can't I
get myself off the ground?
[KLAHADORE chuckles] You should
stay where you are, then.
You'd be no match
for Jango anyway.
[USOPP] This isn't about
being a match for him!
Hm?
Either way...
I'll still protect them!
Because it's my job as
Captain of the Usopp Pirates!
Besides... I am
a brave warrior of the sea!
Which means that I won't let you
lay a finger on my village!
No matter what.
I will keep them safe!
[KURO PIRATES laughing]
[KURO PIRATES gasp]
[LUFFY] Don't you dare laugh
at Usopp, or else you're dead!
[KURO PIRATES whimper]
[ZORO] Hey, Luffy, me and Usopp
are gonna chase that guy down.
You good with that?
Yup! But hurry!
[KLAHADORE] I don't recall
giving you permission
to pass this hill.
Well I did!
Now's your chance, you two!
I got this guy!
Tell me.
Why must you three meddle in
the affairs of this village?
Because there's somebody
here I don't wanna let die.
What a ridiculous sentiment!
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum Whip!
And Pistol!
[KLAHADORE]
Nice try!
Freeze!
[PIIMAN]
You okay, Kaya?
Uh-huh.
There you brats are!
[KIDS gasp, scream]
[USOPP gasps]
I hear them screaming!
They're over there!
Put me down--
No time! That's far enough!
Aw, looks like you're too late.
I wouldn't say so.
Perfect, that branch
was in my way.
What?
Let go of me!
Now Gum-Gum...
You'll never stop me!
My plan mustn't fail!
[USOPP]
Special Attack.
--...Bell!
--Exploding Star!
[USOPP]
Listen, guys.
Can you keep all of this
a secret for me?
--Huh?
--But that's crazy!
Yeah, you could be
the village hero!
Shouldn't you tell
people the truth?
[USOPP]
Nah, it's better this way.
Nobody needs to know.
Let's just let them believe
that I was lying again.
There weren't any pirates.
The whole thing was a lie.
If you say so.
Anyway, after everything
that's happened here today,
I think I've finally
come to a decision.
[USOPP] You guys have inspired
me to chase my dream.
I'm gonna set sail
and become a warrior,
just like I've always
wanted to do!
[LUFFY]
Sweet!
[USOPP]
Well, take care!
Maybe we'll meet again!
[LUFFY]
Why?
[USOPP]
What do you mean "why"?
Because we'll both be
adventuring on the high seas!
[ZORO] Don't be stupid.
Just climb aboard.
[USOPP]
Huh?
The four of us are
friends now, aren't we?
Yeah! And I'll be
a great captain!
[LUFFY]
I'm already the captain, okay?
[SANJI] I'm going to the Grand
Line to find the All Blue!
Dig in.
[GIN]
Oh, thank you!
I've never eaten anything
so delicious in my entire life!
You're so kind.
I thought I was a goner.
[GIN]
I'm so happy right now.
Pretty darn good, right?
[LUFFY chuckles]
Looks like I just found my cook.
Hey!
You're pretty lucky this guy
gave you some food, aren't ya?
So, uh, mister.
What do you think about
becomin' a part of my crew?
Huh?
[SANJI]
Oh, I see, so you're a pirate.
Look, do what you want,
just don't cause any
trouble for the restaurant.
See, the owner of this place
used to be a cook for
a famous pirate group.
In fact, everyone here tends
to be kinda hotheaded.
Oh.
Anyway, I see you're
a good cook,
so I want you to
team up with me.
Come be a pirate!
Not happening.
There's a specific reason
I have to keep working
here at this restaurant.
[GIN, LUFFY]
Huh?
[LUFFY]
Whoa, that's a big ship!
[BARATIE PATRONS gasp]
[BARATIE PATRON A]
Oh no, this is terrible!
Look at that flag!
It's Don Krieg, Commodore
of the pirate fleet! Run!
[BARATIE PATRONS scream]
Things are about to get messy.
[gasps] Hey, wait for me!
[KRIEG]
What a fine restaurant.
I've wanted a new ship
since mine was wrecked.
This'll serve me
as well as anything.
So I'll be taking it
from you today.
Don't you dare underestimate us!
Should I be afraid?
That looks sturdy!
You think that steel armor
will protect you? Think again!
[BARATIE COOKS yell]
[KRIEG]
You're pathetic!
[BARATIE COOKS groaning]
He shoots bullets from his body?
[KRIEG laughs]
I am the strongest man there is!
I'm unstoppable!
I'll seize the One Piece and
become King of the Pirates!
[LUFFY]
Stop right there!
I'm the one who's gonna
be King, not you!
Did you say something?
Mind your own business, kid.
[LUFFY]
Sorry, this is my business.
It isn't a game,
you do know that.
Trust me, I do!
Don't waste your time
with this little fool!
Let's just kill the cooks
and take the ship!
[KRIEG PIRATES cheer]
Attack!
Protect the Baratie!
[BARATIE COOKS yell]
Hey, Pops, if I run these
guys off, no chores, okay?
Fine by me.
All right!
[grunts]
[KRIEG PIRATES groan]
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum Pistol!
[KRIEG]
Hmm. Ate a Devil Fruit.
[PEARL]
Oh brother.
What're you guys doing?
Don't get outdone
by a bunch of cooks!
You're right!
Exactly, this is
a piece of cake for us!
[KRIEG PIRATES yell]
So we're just a
bunch of cooks, huh?
Knocking them out
with only your feet.
You've got some nerve, pal.
A cook's hands
are very important.
I don't want to risk
them getting damaged
in some stupid fight.
And I'll kick your teeth
in too, if I have to.
Whoa! That's so cool!
--[KRIEG] Hey, you!
--Huh?
Best pay attention
or you're a dead man!
Gotcha!
[LUFFY groans]
Heads up!
Fire Pearls.
Surprise!
How dare you set
this place on fire!
What's wrong with you,
are you not afraid of
my Fire Pearl attack?
I'd be a rotten cook if I was
afraid of an open flame.
Pearl, you idiot!
You weren't supposed
to burn it down!
That's it. I'll sink all of you!
[SANJI gasps]
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum Bazooka!
Not good. The ship!
[gunshot]
You're kidding!
It's better if you
surrender now, Sanji.
I don't want to,
but I will kill you.
Hey, Gin!
Gin? You mean
this guy's with you?
[GIN] Please. Leave the
ship without a fight.
[SANJI]
Leave the ship? No way in hell.
Just point the gun at me.
But why?
[PEARL]
You want to die that bad?
That's something
I can help with!
--Hey!
--[SANJI] Don't attack him!
[SANJI]
He'll pull the trigger!
You're a fool.
If you give up the restaurant,
then everyone gets out alive!
I can't do that.
It means everything to him!
[SANJI]
I took away every single thing
this old man once held dear.
His power.
His dream.
All of it.
And because of that,
I'm not gonna let this damn
geezer lose anything else!
Mouthy brat.
Sanji, look out!
Pearl Cymbals!
[SANJI groans]
[COOK A]
The All Blue?
[SANJI] Yeah! It's this
big, legendary sea!
[COOK B]
We're seafaring cooks, kid.
We've all dreamed
about that before.
It's cool!
I hear it's got fish from
each of the four seas.
That place must be a
paradise for chefs like us!
No matter how long it takes,
I'm gonna find it!
[COOKS laugh]
Huh?
[COOK C]
It's not real.
[COOK B] Sounds like a
cook made up that story!
[COOKS laugh]
[COOK D]
Pirate attack!
Take everything on board!
[COOK PIRATES yell]
[SANJI]
Stop!
[SANJI yelps]
I won't die now. I can't!
I still have to
achieve my dream.
One day, I'm gonna
find the All Blue!
[ZEFF]
Hm?
So you've finally come to, eh?
[SANJI]
Pirate--! Ow.
You know, boy,
you're awfully lucky.
After we attacked your ship,
we washed up on this mountain
in the middle of nowhere.
[ZEFF]
We'll have to wait for help.
You can have that bag of food.
I'll stay here.
You watch the other side.
Let me know when
you see any ships.
You think you can you do that?
Stupid old geezer!
[SANJI] Even if I do see
somebody, I'm not telling him.
No way. I'm gonna
survive on my own!
That guy. Wonder if he's
still alive over there.
[SANJI gasps] How does he
have that much food left?
[ZEFF]
Did you see a ship yet?
Shut up! You don't
need all this.
I'm gonna take it!
[gasps]
[SANJI] Hey. This isn't food!
All I see is treasure!
[SANJI] If you've stayed
alive for this long,
then you must have
food somewhere!
Where is it? [gasps]
[SANJI gasps] Your leg's
missing! What happened?
I don't get it.
Did you give up one of
your legs... to save me?
I sure did.
[SANJI]
And the food.
Did you give me
everything you had?
Every bit.
[gasps] But that makes no sense!
I didn't ask you to! So why?
You had no reason
to be nice to me!
Tell me why! Why'd you help?
[ZEFF]
Because.
We two happen to be chasing down
the same exact dream.
[SANJI gasps]
What, the All Blue?
But everybody says
that it isn't real!
It is real.
Set your sights on
the Grand Line.
I'm certain the All Blue
can be found there.
[SANJI] That doddering old coot
was willing to give up his leg
so that I could survive.
Which means that I can
never make things even...
...unless I put my life on the
line for his sake right now!
[GIN]
Why?
Why won't you just give up?
I'll protect this restaurant,
as long as there's
breath in my body.
Fine, I guess you can fight me.
Hope you don't mind if we
kill off gramps, as well!
Gum-Gum...
No, wait! Stop, don't do that!
[LUFFY]
...Battle-Axe!
[KRIEG PIRATES scream]
Have you lost your mind?
Look at this!
I know. That's the plan.
[gasps] Why would you
sink the ship?
Because then they'll have
nothing left to fight you over.
You know nothing about
this restaurant!
Or how kind he was to me!
So you think you should die
just to save a restaurant?
What?
That's not how you should
repay somebody's kindness!
He didn't help you so you could
turn around and get killed!
[gasps]
[LUFFY]
You can't throw your life away!
That's what weaklings do!
Well, do you have
any bright ideas
about how to fix this mess?
That's enough, you two!
You can't stop us anyway.
Now, come on!
Let's make this quick!
[PEARL gasps]
Gin!
Out of my way.
Gin! What the hell?
I'm sorry. But this
man did save my life.
So I'll kill him with
my own two hands.
What?
[GIN]
Too bad for you, Sanji.
You don't stand a chance
of winning this fight.
Yeah, we'll see.
Die!
[GIN]
What?
[SANJI groans]
[SANJI]
Bastard!
Sanji!
[gasps]
No, Don Krieg. I can't do it!
Huh?
He treated me so kindly.
Like nobody ever did!
You're a coward!
Throw away that gas mask!
You're no longer
a part of this crew!
I think he's gonna use the bomb!
Meet MH5. A deadly
poison gas bomb!
Jump overboard!
[LUFFY]
I think I'm good.
[SANJI]
Gin! Let me go!
[LUFFY gasps]
[LUFFY]
Hey, where's your mask?
[SANJI]
Whoa!
Stupid thing to do.
Using your own gas mask
to save somebody else.
Gin.
Your first mistake was choosing
to follow a dirtbag like him.
Come now.
Are you really sympathizing
with that backstabbing fool?
[KRIEG laughs]
Damn you, Krieg!
[yells]
This restaurant
will be your grave!
He charged right in!
[LUFFY yelling]
[KRIEG]
Huh?
Gum-Gum...
Do your worst!
He fights dirty! What is that?
...Bullet!
[gasps]
[KRIEG screams]
[LUFFY] So you got a
fancy cloak made of spikes.
You think that's gonna
be enough to defeat me?
[ZEFF]
Sanji. Watch this fight closely.
No matter how many weapons
that man may have,
someone with a spear of blind
determination might be his ruin.
In a life-or-death
battle like this one,
if you fear death for a second,
then you're sure to lose.
What're you getting at?
That kid may be small,
but at least he
refuses to be beaten.
[ZEFF]
Against the fear of death,
faith is the greatest
weapon you can wield.
Faith, huh?
[KRIEG] Having superior
strength and equipment
makes me the ultimate fighter!
It's over for you, anchor boy!
A bomb?
[KRIEG laughs] Sorry, but only
the strongest survive.
Yeah, and that's me!
No, don't! You'll die!
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum...
I knew you'd do that!
[KRIEG chuckles]
[LUFFY]
...Bazooka!
[laughs] It's no use!
If that's all you can do,
this'll blow you to pieces!
Farewell!
[ZEFF]
Against the fear of death,
faith is the greatest
weapon you can wield.
[gasps]
Gum-Gum...
Can he win?
[LUFFY]
...Bazooka!
[screams]
Heh.
Don't get cocky!
[KRIEG] If you fall now,
you'll sink like a rock!
Then I'll have to
break out! Get ready!
He isn't scared. Even a little.
[gasps]
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum...
...Giant Gavel!
[LUFFY chuckles]
[ZEFF]
Look at it this way.
If Krieg's weapons
are all power,
then the spear within that
kid's heart is, as well.
Clearly, the spear won.
You're right.
[ZEFF] Now, if only another
idiot I know would stop
holding his own spear
back for stupid reasons.
[SANJI]
Count me in.
Yeah, I'll tag along.
You know, as part of your crew.
And I'll be the best damn
pirate chef you ever had.
You still want me to, don't you?
Heck yeah! Woohoo!
I made another friend!
[LUFFY laughs]
[ZEFF]
I'm telling you, Sanji.
Whatever kind of
folks they may be,
the classiest of nobles or
the most raucous of pirates,
as long as people
are hungry enough
to find their way
to this restaurant,
well,  I'd say there might
just be a reason for us
to continue fighting to keep
the doors open a little longer.
Wouldn't you agree?
[SANJI]
Let's go.
Oh, don't you need
to say goodbye?
Nah, I'm good.
[ZEFF]
Hey, Sanji!
[gasps]
Good luck. Don't catch cold.
[SANJI]
Owner Zeff!
Thank you, sir!
For all the things that
you've done to help me!
I'll never forget your kindness.
I promise you!
Heh.
[BARATIE COOKS crying]
I'll miss you, you asshole!
I'll miss you guys, too!
Rotten bastards!
Ready... Set sail!
[NAMI] I'm gonna draw
a map of the whole world.
[NAMI]
Hey, you're strong!
Yeah, who are you?
I'm a thief who
steals from pirates.
My name's Nami.
Ya feel like teaming up?
You steal from pirates?
[BOTH]
Big Bro!
[ZORO]
You guys okay?
[LUFFY]
Hey. Where's the Merry?
Big Sis Nami took all of the
treasure and ran off with it!
[ALL]
Huh? Seriously?
[NAMI]
They were nice guys.
The next time that I see them,
I wonder if they'll
let me join back up?
[NAMI]
I just wanna be free.
I'm sorry, Bellemere.
[ARLONG]
Ah, Nami! You're back!
I sure hope you brought in
a decent haul this time.
Of course! I gotta
tell you, though,
it kinda feels like I've
got a big hole in my heart.
[ARLONG laughs]
Now that's rich.
We all know your
specialty is betrayal.
Oh, yeah, is that
what you think?
[VILLAGERS chattering]
[NAMI]
Good to see you all again!
[VILLAGERS]
Huh?
[VILLAGER A]
Nami?
[VILLAGER M]
She's back.
Looks like your reputation's
as terrible as ever, huh?
I guess so.
But Arlong's a pretty
reasonable guy.
That money'll set this
whole thing straight.
The two of us
have an agreement.
I'm going to earn the one
hundred million berries I need,
and then I can buy
back this village!
[ARLONG]
That girl's got a real gift!
With Nami's sea charts,
we'll have no one to
fear in these waters!
She's going to be
a vital component
in the creation of the
great Arlong Empire!
Yeah, but after she collects
a hundred million berries,
you promised you were gonna
let her and Coco Village
off the hook forever,
isn't that right, Captain?
That's right.
And I would die before
going back on a bargain.
That's who I am.
[NAMI]
You guys.
Why are you here?
Well, you're our friend now,
so we came to get you.
Ya ready to go?
You're such a pain.
Friends, huh?
You're just four idiots
who work together.
[LUFFY]
Hm?
[NAMI]
It'd be nice if you stopped
butting into our
affairs, already.
You're outsiders, take your
ship and get outta here.
This is goodbye.
But, Nami...
[crash]
Huh? Oh boy. What's wrong, Nami?
[NAMI]
Nothing.
We agreed that you could talk
to me about anything, remember?
[NOJIKO] Now I see.
Somebody showed up for her.
[NOJIKO]
Friends, huh?
Must be tricky, 'cause for her,
that's a painful word.
I fell asleep. [gasps]
[NAMI] Just a little
bit more, Bellemere.
Then we'll get back
everything we lost!
The village.
The tangerine orchard.
And even my dream.
[BELLEMERE] You learned to draw
sea charts, and now land maps?
Good job!
[NAMI]
Yeah!
I'm gonna use
my navigation skills
to travel around
the whole world.
And when I'm done, I'll draw out
a map of everything I see!
So this is your first step
towards your dream, huh?
[giggles]
Okay, here you go, girl!
It's a custom-made
Bellemere original!
Nice try! That's a
stinky hand-me-down!
I want some clothes of my own!
[NOJIKO]
What's wrong with...
Okay. Let's go to the orchard.
Except I'm not
really your sister!
Because we are not
related by blood!
[NOJIKO]
I know. So what?
--Nami! No!
--[NOJIKO gasps]
Blood's not important!
Never say that.
Okay, do you
understand me, girl?
Shut up!
It's not like you're
our real mother anyway,
so what do you care?
You'd be better off without
us here, wouldn't you?
Why did you have to adopt me?
I wish I lived with
somebody richer!
Well, if you hate living
in this house so much,
the door is that way!
Please stop arguing!
[NAMI]
I'm leaving!
[NOJIKO gasps]
Wait!
Nami.
[VILLAGERS chattering]
So, is that the reason
you came here?
That's right,
I ran away from home!
Bellemere would be way
happier if she didn't
have us to take care of, anyway.
Oh, what makes you say that?
'Cause looking after
two kids is expensive,
and she's got no money.
[laughs] So you're old enough to
think about those things, eh?
Don't you worry.
Bellemere was a lot like you two
back when she was a little girl.
Really, what do you mean?
Trust me, kiddo,
that girl surprised everyone
when she left the
village and came back
as a respectable
member of the Navy.
The Navy?
I will never forget that night.
The storm was terrible.
[VILLAGER B]
Hey! That looks like Bellemere!
[VILLAGER C]
She's holding two children!
[BELLEMERE]
Call the doctor!
They've got fevers,
and they're both exhausted!
[NAKO] But what about you?
You're severely wounded!
[BELLEMERE] Just hurry up!
Please save those little girls!
Let's see, you were
a baby at the time,
which means Nojiko was three.
Bellemere said she
met you when she was
barely alive on a battlefield.
Nojiko had you in her arms.
[BELLEMERE]
Your sister?
[NOJIKO]
No.
[GENZO] When she saw that
carefree smile of yours,
she decided she wanted to live.
The bond between you three
is even deeper than
blood relatives.
Hey! I thought
that you'd be here!
Nojiko?
[NOJIKO] Come back home.
Supper's almost ready!
She came here to get you,
run along, now.
'Kay!
Pirate ship!
[ARLONG cackling]
Hello, pathetic humans!
You're in good spirits today!
I'm sorry, but that's
about to change.
Because I've just taken
over this whole island!
It's Captain Arlong!
They're the pirates
from the Grand Line!
You two go hide
in the back woods.
It's dangerous here!
But Bellemere's at home.
What about her?
[laughing]
[ARLONG] A hundred thousand
Berries per adult,
and fifty thousand per child.
And whoever doesn't have
the means to pay up,
we'll just kill you.
This is awful.
I know, but we should cooperate
and be thankful that money's
all they're asking for.
[NOJIKO]
Do you think Bellemere's okay?
[NAMI] They can't see our house
from here, so I think so!
[ARLONG]
Brothers.
I think we've done
good work today.
[PISARO] Hey, Captain,
there's one more house
outside of the village!
[ARLONG]
Hm?
[PISARO] You can see
the smoke coming out.
[BOTH gasp]
To think we almost missed it!
[BOTH]
Bellemere, no!
[knocking]
Oh. Home already?
[BELLEMERE]
It's open! Come on in!
[ARLONG]
Thank you.
Sorry, pal.
But I'm former military.
Now tell me.
What brings a bunch
of Grand Line pirates
all the way out here
to Coco Village?
[laughs]
What's so funny?
[BELLEMERE gasps]
You humans are
pathetically inferior.
I can't help but laugh.
[NAMI, NOJIKO panting]
We can all sneak
out through the back!
[NAKO]
Hold on!
[NOJIKO, NAMI]
Doctor!
[NAKO] I'm sorry, but I
have to tell you two a story,
and it won't be easy to hear!
[BELLEMERE screams]
[NOJIKO, NAMI]
Bellemere!
[BELLEMERE groans]
[BELLEMERE]
Stay away, girls.
These guys are real monsters!
This is foolishness!
Don't lay down your life for
some vain sense of justice!
You can fix all
of this with money!
With money?
That's right, you heard the man.
Give me a hundred thousand
berries for yourself,
plus 50,000 for
each of your kids,
and then I'll leave you alone.
[GENZO]
Bellemere! Look at me.
Do you have enough?
I've only got a
hundred thousand.
All right.
Hurry up and pay him the fee
for just yourself, then.
Good thing you don't have kids.
Now everybody is spared!
What did you...?
Says here she's single.
She's got no record of
marriage or childbirth.
Listen to me.
There's no proof that the
three of you are a family.
So leave the island now!
If you don't, you'll be killed!
But, sir, why do we have to
run away from our own home?
Because we're poor?
Does this mean we can't
be Bellemere's kids now?
Well, it's either
that or you die!
There's no time to be childish!
It's been a pleasure doing
business with you, my dear.
[pants] Thank goodness.
Now no one else has to get hurt.
All right, we'll run away.
We can't!
We have to go, Nami.
If we don't, then they'll
kill Bellemere for sure! C'mon!
Bellemere.
We might as well get moving.
[panting]
Hold it!
That money was for
my two daughters.
I don't have enough for me!
[NAMI gasps]
[NOJIKO gasps]
What the hell are you doing?
Huh?
I'm so sorry, Gen.
It's just... I can't say
I don't have a family.
Even if I die for it.
We may not be blood,
but I'm still their mom.
They're my kids.
That's the way it is.
Interesting. You do have kids.
--We didn't leave you!
--We're coming!
--[NAMI] Bellemere!
--Girls, come here!
[NOJIKO]
Bellemere!
[NAMI]
What do we do?
I'm sorry!
I tried, but I failed you two.
Guess I wasn't much of a mother.
[NAMI]
That's not true!
We don't need anything else!
Just stay with us forever, okay?
[NOJIKO, NAMI]
Bellemere!
[ARLONG] I take it these are
your little angels here.
Yeah, that's right.
[NOJIKO]
What's happening?
[NAMI]
I'm scared!
You have to give me your word
that these two won't be harmed.
That's fine, as long as
you die like a good girl.
Somebody, please help her!
[GENZO yells]
[gasps]
[VILLAGER H]
Hurry, save Bellemere!
Let's drive all
those Fishmen away!
Deal with them as you see fit.
Just don't kill them.
Right.
You'll be our first
example to the others.
I sure hope it was
worth it to you!
Nojiko. Nami.
I love you.
[BELLEMERE]
Remember this, girls.
No matter what happens, don't
hate the era you were born in.
Never lose the strength
to smile through anything.
If you survive, lots of
fun and exciting things
are sure to happen one day!
Please don't go, Bellemere!
[NAMI] I've been thinking about
what she said that day.
About how if we survive,
then fun things'll happen to us.
[NAMI] I'm going to
join the Arlong Pirates.
[NAKO] Hey! You've got
an Arlong tattoo!
[NOJIKO] He says he'll let
you buy back the village?
[NAMI]
Yeah, but in return,
I have to join his crew
and draw charts.
If I ask anybody for help,
more people will
end up getting hurt.
That's the last thing
I want to happen.
I'm not going to cry anymore.
I'll fight hard and
fix this, on my own!
[NAMI] No one'll find it
in the tangerine orchard!
When it's full, that means I've
got a hundred million berries!
[NOJIKO] Are you sure you
should steal from pirates?
[NAMI]
We live in the Pirate Era,
so I'm making the best of it!
[NAMI]
It took a while.
But I've almost
got enough money.
Soon, I'll be free of Arlong,
and this whole nightmare
will be over.
[NAMI]
Just wait, Bellemere.
After this, I think
I'll finally be able to
smile from the
bottom of my heart.
What business does the
Navy have with Nami?
You just lead the way
quietly, all right?
Here we go. My final heist!
[NEZUMI]
Pardon me.
But aren't you
the criminal Nami?
[NAMI] Criminal? Yeah,
I guess you could call me that.
I am a member of the
Arlong Pirates, after all.
Mess with me and you'll be
hearing from Arlong himself.
A pirate, eh?
According to the
information I was given,
you're a simple thief.
From what I understand,
the only thing you're guilty of
is swiping treasure
from pirates.
And any valuables that are
stolen from criminals, well...
They legally become
property of the government!
What? You're kidding me!
[NEZUMI]
Find the stolen goods!
[MARINES]
Sir!
[NAMI]
Wait a minute! Back off!
Stay out of there! [gasps]
[MARINES groan]
What is this?
Doesn't the Navy have
anything more important to do
than come after a petty thief?
Do you not realize that every
single person on this island
is a slave under Arlong's rule?
That's awfully big talk
for a lowly criminal.
--[MARINE C] Colonel!
--[NEZUMI] Hm?
This orchard is
kind of suspicious.
So dig it up.
[NAMI gasps]
Stop it!
Keep your filthy hands
off this orchard!
It's not yours! Stop!
I need that money!
Do you hear me?
You leave her alone.
She's planning to use her money
to reclaim Coco Village!
What makes you think
you have the right
to take it from her,
you sniveling rat?
[gasps] But wait...
Genzo, how'd you know?
[GENZO]
We've always known, Nami.
We just pretended
that we didn't.
If you'd ever
decided to stop this
and run away from the island,
we wanted you to
feel free to do so,
instead of letting our sad
situation hold you back.
Is that true?
[NOJIKO] If you guys aren't
gonna help save the village,
you might as well
get out of here!
Nojiko!
And hurry it up!
Unless you want Arlong
to attack your ship, too!
Oh. That's unlikely.
Huh?
[NEZUMI]
You still can't find it?
It's a hundred million berries,
not a needle in a haystack!
Now, hold on! How do
you know the amount?
[NEZUMI]
Huh? Oh, I dunno,
it's just a rough
estimate, that's all.
Don't tell me.
[ARLONG laughing]
Arlong! He sent you
here, didn't he?
Maybe. Maybe not.
Scoundrel. I can't believe you!
How could the Navy have
stooped to becoming
errand boys for a pirate?
[NEZUMI] They're in our way.
Do something about it.
[gunshots]
[VILLAGER I]
Hey, what's wrong with her?
[VILLAGER J]
I heard gunshots!
--[VILLAGER N] Nojiko!
--[LUFFY] Huh?
No! Nojiko!
Oh, hey, Nami. What's up?
Do ya need help with something?
This has nothing to do with you!
Leave this island
and don't come back!
[LUFFY gasps]
[VILLAGER L]
Where are you going?
[NAMI]
Damn you, Arlong. Damn you!
[ARLONG] Do you want to
save your village that badly,
little girl?
[ARLONG] I'll release
my hold on this place
if you manage to collect a
hundred million berries for me.
You have my word.
No matter how many
years it takes.
I will honor my agreement.
[NAMI]
Arlong!
Ah, Nami, what's the matter?
You look upset.
You sent those officers
to my house.
They came for all
the money I collected!
Why'd you do that?
You said that when
it's about money,
you'd rather die than
break your promises!
And it's the truth!
What makes you think I
broke my promise to you?
Don't play dumb!
You teamed up with the
Navy and they took all--
I'll ask you one more time.
When did I break my promise?
Let's hear it, girl. [chuckles]
[NAMI]
Damn it. You betrayed me!
[laughs]
No more of this!
Everyone! Time to take up arms!
[NAMI]
Everyone, please just hold on!
Don't do anything rash!
If you get killed,
then it'll all be over!
You have to survive.
I promise I'll fix this!
[GENZO] Living under Arlong's
thumb for all these years
was painful and humiliating.
But we swore that we'd
fight the patient fight
as long as Nami
remained cheerful.
And now, this is
how they respond?
This means that our village
has no hope of freedom!
And so, the only thing
that's left to do now
is make those Fishmen
pay for exploiting Nami!
[VILLAGERS]
Yeah!
[NAMI]
Stop, everyone!
[NOJIKO]
Nami!
[NAMI panting]
There's no reason
to do all that!
Just wait a bit longer!
Come on, guys!
I can save up the money again!
I'm sure it'll be easy
this time! [chuckles]
So don't worry, okay?
I'll take care of it. [gasps]
You can stop now.
Joining forces
with those pirates
must have been more
agonizing for you
than having your
heart cut to pieces.
You fought well, dear.
[NAMI]
Genzo.
Leave the village, and hurry!
[NAMI]
What? No, stop, all of you!
I don't want to see
anybody else get hurt
by those awful cutthroats!
[panting]
They'll kill you.
We know they will.
It's no use. We've
already made our decision!
I mean it.
Please, you can't do this--
Get out of our way, Nami!
[gasps]
Even if we don't stand a
chance of winning this battle,
let's show 'em
what we're made of!
[VILLAGERS]
Yeah!
[ARLONG laughing]
[NAMI]
Arlong!
Arlong! Arlong! Arlong!
I hate you! I hate you!
Arlo--!
[NAMI]
Luffy?
What do you want?
You don't know anything!
[LUFFY]
Nope. I don't.
[NAMI] I told you,
it doesn't concern you!
I said you should
leave the island.
So go away!
Uh-huh. You said that.
[NAMI]
Luffy.
Please help me.
[LUFFY inhales]
Of course I'll help you!
Thank you so much.
Here we go.
[ALL]
Ready.
Which one of you is Arlong?
What the hell? Who is this kid?
[yells]
[ARLONG PIRATES]
Captain Arlong!
That's our navigator!
Don't make her cry!
Someone's got a death wish.
[USOPP screams]
Six-Sword Style.
Tentacle-Sword.
Combination!
[ZORO]
Oni...
Octopus Pot Stance!
[ZORO]
...giri!
[HATCHAN gasps]
[ZORO]
Tatsu.
Takoyaki Punch!
[ZORO]
Maki!
Hachi!
Oh, that's it!
[SANJI grunts]
[SANJI]
Collier!
Epaule!
Cotelette!
Poitrine!
Damn you!
Now Thousand Brick Fist!
Guffaw Palm Bo--!
[SANJI]
Mouton Shoot!
[KUROOBI screams]
[CHEW] You're mine!
Squirt Machine Gun, go!
Special Attack!
[CHEW]
Too slow!
[USOPP]
Special Attack!
[CHEW]
Hm? Booze?
[USOPP]
Lead Star!
[CHEW gasps]
You shouldn't've done that!
Humans are so damn feeble!
[USOPP]
Fun fact. Alcohol is flammable.
Here goes! Fire Star!
[CHEW screams]
[LUFFY]
Now, Gum-Gum...
...Bell!
And Bullet!
[LUFFY]
Gatling!
[LUFFY yelling]
[NAMI] Okay, I've done enough
crying and whining.
It's time to go.
Everyone's fighting!
You human scum.
How dare you do this
to my brothers.
You made a big mistake
taking things this far.
Well, you're the one
I'm really after.
So come at me!
Damn you!
[BOTH grunting]
Tooth Attack!
[LUFFY screams]
[LUFFY]
Huh? Where'd he go?
[ARLONG]
Shark Darts!
[LUFFY gasps]
He's fast!
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum...
Want some more? Shark Darts!
...Finger Net!
[ARLONG gasps]
And...
[LUFFY]
...Spear!
Huh?
Inferior human!
How dare you
disrespect a Fishman?!
Huh?
Luffy!
Don't go in there!
What's this room for?
[ARLONG]
We're in Nami's quarters.
This is where she keeps
all the sea charts
that she drew for eight years.
The girl has serious talent.
I think I've used her
pretty effectively.
But her gift would
be wasted on you!
"Used her"?
[gasps]
What do you think
you're doing, boy?
I finally figured out
a way I can save Nami!
This room full of maps
is the problem!
[LUFFY]
If she's sad, and she doesn't
want to be here anymore...
[NAMI]
Luffy...
...then I'll tear it down
until there's nothing left!
[LUFFY yells]
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum...
Don't be a fool!
Arlong Park couldn't
possibly be destroyed
at the hands of a worm like you!
Die!
...Battle-Axe!
[yelling]
[ARLONG gasps]
He's alive!
Hey, Nami!
[LUFFY]
I need you to know something.
You're my friend, okay?
[NAMI]
Mm-hm.
[LUFFY] Oh, man! Feels like
the ship wants to tip over!
[NAMI]
Look at that light!
[NAMI] The entrance to the Grand
Line should be just ahead of it.
Okay. Before we go,
I think we oughta have
a quick launching ceremony!
Yeah!
I'm going to the Grand Line
to find the All Blue!
I'll become King of the Pirates!
To be the world's
best swordsman.
And I'm going to draw
a map of the entire world.
Hey wait, let me
in on this, too!
Well, I guess my
goal is to become
a brave warrior of the sea!
Here we go!
Let's head to the Grand Line!
[ALL]
Yeah!
[NARRATOR]
This is the Great Pirate Era.
In order to sieze the famous
treasure known as One Piece,
this courageous pirate crew
is about to cross over
into the Grand Line.
For Straw Hat Luffy
and his friends,
a marvelous adventure on
the high seas has just begun!